README.md, before:

**Title: Ecommerce-inspired Shopping Cart web application**

**Project : A full stack web-development project developed with core Python resembling the server-side logic of any ecommerce websites that use shopping carts as a protoype website.**

**Tech stack: Python,Django,HTML,CSS**

Role/Key Features for the Django app are as follows:  

i)session-driven modular e-shopping cart - built for customers to purchase products online shopping for electronic items such as television,refrigerator,etc.  
ii)a transactional checkout page- reflecting the items purchased by a customer displaying the product prices and their total billing price  
iii)a pythonic prototype tested on the development server by repeated debugging for errors such as following best software development practices such as clean,efficient and structured logic  
iv)Achieved high cohesion and easy debugging by encapsulating all cart operations within a modular Django Cart class, leveraging the MVT architecture and reusable Python methods  
v)Created a user interface ensuring design layouts and making the home page of the website visually appealing

Commit message:

Update README with improved feature descriptions

README.md, after:

**Title: Ecommerce-inspired Shopping Cart web application**

**Project : A full stack web-development project developed with core Python resembling the server-side logic of any ecommerce websites that use shopping carts as a protoype website.**

**Tech stack: Python,Django,HTML,CSS**

Role/Key Features for the Django app are as follows:  

i)session-driven modular e-shopping cart - built for customers to purchase products online shopping for electronic items such as television,refrigerator,etc.  
ii)a transactional checkout page- reflecting the items purchased by a customer displaying the product prices and their total billing price  
iii)Developed a pythonic prototype tested on the development server by debugging for common errors such as 'TemplateDoesNotExist','MultiValueDictKeyError' and following best software development practices such as clean,efficient and structured logic  
iv)Achieved high cohesion and easy debugging by encapsulating all cart operations within a modular Django Cart class, leveraging the MVT architecture and reusable Python methods  
v)Designed a responsive user-interface with buttons, proper styling and layout for the navigation bar, integrating JPEG images for visual appeal and enhancing user experience
